you got into examinations or you can do
cool so I think most people obviously
the veinte dentists have have an idea of
what a dental nurse does you mentioned
that one of the challenging situations
is how to deal with patients that are
really nervous in each other you know in
some of your experience and what you've
learned about that yeah obviously we
work in an environment where a lot of
patients are nervous the first time you
come across a an extremely nervous
patient can be quite daunting and for
you as the nurse but over the years you
obviously learned
with nervous patient you have to be
patient with them and we suspect that is
a fear that they do have tried to
reassure them as much as you can
we're very good here you know walking
them through whatever procedure the
games be having there's a few ways
around this like to get over your
nervous thing now we can ask for things
like video glasses and so you can watch
a movie while you yeah I suppose every
practice is different you know you can
offer like a nervous program now this
patient program and where patients will
come in and just speak to the dentist
first before they have any treatment so
what do you find rewarding about the
role I think it's a very personal thing
you know what you find rewarding within
dental nursing but for me it's I find it
a very sociable job I love the fact that
you meet new people every day every day
presents a new challenge for me
especially I really enjoy seeing people
leave the surgery feeling happy feel me
feeling reassured you know if nervous
patients leave happy then we're happy
and you build up a relationship with
your patients which is really nice you
know I guess you have the ability or
safety if they're having cosmetic work
done for them to kind of look and feel
better about that you know if they
committing for some whitening treatment
and they have that insert your whitening
they see the instant
fantastic you know they're leaving with
bigger smiles on their face and when
they first came in